chore(MPL): Update README and primary pydocs (#658)
aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python: README.rst

        config=MaterialProvidersConfig()
    )

    kms_multi_keyring_input: CreateAwsKmsMultiKeyringInput = CreateAwsKmsMultiKeyringInput(
        generator='arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:2222222222222:key/22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222',
        kms_key_ids=['arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:3333333333333:key/33333333-3333-3333-3333-333333333333',
                     'arn:aws:kms:ap-northeast-1:4444444444444:key/44444444-4444-4444-4444-444444444444']
    )

    kms_multi_keyring: IKeyring = mat_prov.create_aws_kms_multi_keyring(
        input=kms_multi_keyring_input
    )

AwsKmsDiscoveryKeyring
======================
We recommend using an ``AwsKmsMultiKeyring`` in order to ensure that you can only
encrypt and decrypt data using the AWS KMS key ARN you expect. However, if you are unable to
explicitly identify the AWS KMS key ARNs that should be used for decryption, you can instead
use an ``AwsKmsDiscoveryKeyring`` for decryption operations. This provider
attempts decryption of any ciphertexts as long as they match a ``DiscoveryFilter`` that
you configure. A ``DiscoveryFilter`` consists of a list of AWS account ids and an AWS
partition.

.. code:: python

>     import boto3

Reviewer: Comment: Experience has taught me to NOT embed code examples into READMEs.
Instead, just link to the examples.

This is a Tony opinion that may not be shared by the rest of the team;
but embedded code is never evaluated and therefore hard to maintain.

Author: I'm on board. Will update

Author: Done -- left 1 code snippet creating the ESDK client which should remain evergreen

For keyrings that will only be used for encryption,
you can use any valid `KMS key identifier`_.
For providers that will be used for decryption,
you must use the key ARN.
Key ids, alias names, and alias ARNs are not supported for decryption.

Because the ``AwsKmsKeyring`` uses the `boto3 SDK`_ to interact with `AWS KMS`_,
it requires AWS Credentials.
To provide these credentials, use the `standard means by which boto3 locates credentials`_ or provide a
pre-existing instance of a ``botocore session`` to the ``AwsKmsKeyring``.
This latter option can be useful if you have an alternate way to store your AWS credentials or
you want to reuse an existing instance of a botocore session in order to decrease startup costs.

.. code:: python

    import boto3
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl import AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.config import MaterialProvidersConfig
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.models import CreateAwsKmsKeyringInput
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.references import IKeyring

    import aws_encryption_sdk
    from aws_encryption_sdk import CommitmentPolicy

>     # Instantiate the encryption SDK client.
>     client = aws_encryption_sdk.EncryptionSDKClient(
>         commitment_policy=CommitmentPolicy.REQUIRE_ENCRYPT_REQUIRE_DECRYPT
>     )

Author: ```suggestion
```

Let's drop client creation.
If we try to go 1:1 with the master key provider examples, we see that the previous example didn't make a client.

Author: Now that I look at this again, can we actually just use an `AwsKmsMultiKeyring` for this first example instead?
I'm seeing that the first example uses the equivalent of the `AwsKmsMultiKeyring`, since you can configure it with multiple KMS keys.

    # Create a KMS keyring.
    mat_prov: AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders = AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders(
        config=MaterialProvidersConfig()
    )

    keyring_input: CreateAwsKmsKeyringInput = CreateAwsKmsKeyringInput(
        kms_key_id='arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:2222222222222:key/22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222',
        kms_client=boto3.client('kms', region_name="us-east-1")
    )

    kms_keyring: IKeyring = mat_prov.create_aws_kms_keyring(
        input=keyring_input
    )

If you want to configure a keyring with multiple AWS KMS keys, see the multi-keyring.

> MultiKeyring

Author: Let's remove this in favor of having the first example use the AwsKmsMultiKeyring.

    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.references import IKeyring

    import aws_encryption_sdk
    from aws_encryption_sdk import CommitmentPolicy

    # Instantiate the encryption SDK client.
    client = aws_encryption_sdk.EncryptionSDKClient(
        commitment_policy=CommitmentPolicy.REQUIRE_ENCRYPT_REQUIRE_DECRYPT
    )

    # Create an AwsKmsMultiKeyring that protects your data under two different KMS Keys.
    # Either KMS Key individually is capable of decrypting data encrypted under this Multi Keyring.
    mat_prov: AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders = AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders(
        config=MaterialProvidersConfig()
    )

    kms_multi_keyring_input: CreateAwsKmsMultiKeyringInput = CreateAwsKmsMultiKeyringInput(
        generator='arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:2222222222222:key/22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222',
        kms_key_ids=['arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:3333333333333:key/33333333-3333-3333-3333-333333333333']
    )

    kms_multi_keyring: IKeyring = mat_prov.create_aws_kms_multi_keyring(
        input=kms_multi_keyring_input
    )

AwsKmsDiscoveryKeyring
======================

> We recommend using an ``AwsKmsKeyring`` in order to ensure that you can only
> encrypt and decrypt data using the AWS KMS key ARN you expect,
> or a ``MultiKeyring`` if you are using multiple keys. However, if you are unable to

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend using an ``AwsKmsMultiKeyring`` in order to ensure that you can only
encrypt and decrypt data using the AWS KMS key ARNs you expect. However, if you are unable to
```

explicitly identify the AWS KMS key ARNs that should be used for decryption, you can instead
use an ``AwsKmsDiscoveryKeyring`` for decryption operations. This provider
attempts decryption of any ciphertexts as long as they match a ``DiscoveryFilter`` that
you configure. A ``DiscoveryFilter`` consists of a list of AWS account ids and an AWS
partition.

.. code:: python

    import boto3
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl import AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.config import MaterialProvidersConfig

>     ffrom aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.models import (

Author: ```suggestion
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.models import (
```

        CreateAwsKmsDiscoveryKeyringInput,
        DiscoveryFilter,
    )
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.references import IKeyring

    import aws_encryption_sdk
    from aws_encryption_sdk import CommitmentPolicy

>     # Instantiate the encryption SDK client.
>     client = aws_encryption_sdk.EncryptionSDKClient(
>         commitment_policy=CommitmentPolicy.REQUIRE_ENCRYPT_REQUIRE_DECRYPT
>     )

Author: ```suggestion
```

Cut out client creation where we didn't create a client before

    # Create a Discovery keyring to use for decryption
    mat_prov: AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders = AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders(
        config=MaterialProvidersConfig()
    )

    discovery_keyring_input: CreateAwsKmsDiscoveryKeyringInput = CreateAwsKmsDiscoveryKeyringInput(
        kms_client=boto3.client('kms', region_name="us-east-1"),
        discovery_filter=DiscoveryFilter(
            account_ids=["2222222222222"],
            partition="aws"
        )
    )

    discovery_keyring: IKeyring = mat_prov.create_aws_kms_discovery_keyring(
        input=discovery_keyring_input
    )

If you do not want to filter the set of allowed accounts, you can also omit the ``discovery_filter`` argument.

Note that an ``AwsKmsDiscoveryKeyring`` cannot be used for encryption operations.

Encryption and Decryption
=========================
After you create an instance of an ``EncryptionSDKClient`` and a ``Keyring``, you can use either of
the client's two ``encrypt``/``decrypt`` functions to encrypt and decrypt your data.

> Here's an example for using a KMS keyring for encryption and decryption:

Author: ```suggestion
```

.. code:: python

>     # Encrypt the data.

Author: Can we make this more 1:1 with what was left here? i.e. create a client, create an AwsKmsMultiKeyring, encrypt/decrypt, asserts

    my_ciphertext, enc_header = client.encrypt(
        source=my_plaintext,
        keyring=kms_keyring
    )

    # Decrypt your encrypted data.
    my_decrypted_plaintext, dec_header = client.decrypt(
        source=my_ciphertext,
        keyring=kms_keyring
    )

You can provide an `encryption context`_: a form of additional authenticating information.

> Here's an example for using KMS keyring with an encryption context:

Author: ```suggestion
```

.. code:: python

    import boto3
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl import AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.config import MaterialProvidersConfig
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.models import CreateAwsKmsKeyringInput
    from aws_cryptographic_materialproviders.mpl.references import IKeyring

    import aws_encryption_sdk
    from aws_encryption_sdk import CommitmentPolicy

>     # Instantiate the encryption SDK client.

Author: Leave out "Instantiate the ESDK" comments

    client = aws_encryption_sdk.EncryptionSDKClient(
        commitment_policy=CommitmentPolicy.REQUIRE_ENCRYPT_REQUIRE_DECRYPT
    )

>     # Create an encryption context

Author: Leave this out, this is redundant

    encryption_context: Dict[str, str] = {
        "encryption": "context",
        "is not": "secret",
        "but adds": "useful metadata",
        "that can help you": "be confident that",
        "the data you are handling": "is what you think it is",

>     }

Author: Can you make this more concise?
Ideally, we keep this README as short as possible while still being demonstrative.
The previous EC in this README was more concise.

>     # Create a KMS keyring.

Author: Keep "Create KMS keyring" in! I think these comments are helpful, since creating a keyring is a multi-step process.

Reviewer 2: I think since we already explain a 'create a KMS Multi Keyring' step, in order to keep it concise we shouldn't add a "Create KMS keyring" explanation here.

    mat_prov: AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders = AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders(
        config=MaterialProvidersConfig()
    )

    keyring_input: CreateAwsKmsKeyringInput = CreateAwsKmsKeyringInput(
        kms_key_id='arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:2222222222222:key/22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222',
        kms_client=boto3.client('kms', region_name="us-east-1")
    )

    kms_keyring: IKeyring = mat_prov.create_aws_kms_keyring(
        input=keyring_input
    )

>     # Encrypt the data with the encryptionContext.

Author: Take "encrypt the data" out; this is obvious

    my_ciphertext, enc_header = client.encrypt(
        source=my_plaintext,
        keyring=kms_keyring,
        encryption_context=encryption_context
    )

>     # Decrypt your encrypted data.

Author: Take "decrypt the data" out; this is obvious

Because the ``StrictAwsKmsMasterKeyProvider`` uses the `boto3 SDK`_ to interact with `AWS KMS`_,
An individual ``AwsKmsKeyring`` in an ``AwsKmsMultiKeyring`` is configured with an
AWS KMS key ARN.
For keyrings that will only be used for encryption,
you can use any valid `KMS key identifier`_.
For providers that will be used for decryption,
you must use the key ARN.
Key ids, alias names, and alias ARNs are not supported for decryption.

Because the ``AwsKmsMultiKeyring`` uses the `boto3 SDK`_ to interact with `AWS KMS`_,
it requires AWS Credentials.
To provide these credentials, use the `standard means by which boto3 locates credentials`_ or provide a
pre-existing instance of a ``botocore session`` to the ``StrictAwsKmsMasterKeyProvider``.
pre-existing instance of a ``botocore session`` to the ``AwsKmsMultiKeyring``.
This latter option can be useful if you have an alternate way to store your AWS credentials or
you want to reuse an existing instance of a botocore session in order to decrease startup costs.
You can also add KMS keys from multiple regions to the ``AwsKmsMultiKeyring``.

If you configure the the ``StrictAwsKmsMasterKeyProvider`` with multiple CMKs, the `final message`_

> will include a copy of the data key encrypted by each configured CMK.

Reviewer 2: Linking the examples is a great idea.
I think we should add this also to avoid confusion
```
If you configure the the ``aws_kms_multi_keyring`` with multiple KMS keys, the `final message`_
will include a copy of the data key encrypted by each configured key.
```

Author: Added on L163
